README.md, before:

### Hi there, my name is Bell (full name Bell'Aria) 👋

<!--
**bell-sarian/bell-sarian** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

I am a Software Engineer at Microsoft

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a website to display my web-based art projects! All written in React using JS/HTML/CSS and Three.js/WebGL
- 🌱 I’m currently learning WebGL and Artifical Intelligence.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with others to learn more about best practicesx I can take with me as an engineer
- 🤔 I’m looking for help on becoming better at writing tests for QA
- 🥅 Current Goals: Publish more projects on Github
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to get outside as much as I can
-->

## I am currently a Software Engineer II at Northrop Grumman

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a website to display my web-based art projects! All written in React using JS/HTML/CSS and Three.js/WebGL
- 🌱 On my free time, I am learning WebGL and Artifical Intelligence.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with others to learn more about best practicesx I can take with me as an engineer
- 🤔 I’m looking for help on becoming better at writing tests for QA
- 🥅 Current Goals: Publish more projects on Github
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to get outside as much as I can

### Connect with me:
[<img align="left" alt="Bell | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/61/61109.png" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bell-sarian/)
[<img align="left" alt="Bell | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />](https://www.instagram.com/bellsarian/)

<br/>

### Languages and Tools I Utilize:

<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://www.logo.wine/a/logo/React_(web_framework)/React_(web_framework)-Logo.wine.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://logos-world.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Java-Logo-700x394.png" />

<br/>

### Published Projects:

1. [Web-Based Art Display](https://github.com/bell-sarian/dynamic-nature)

Commit message:

Revise personal projects and goals in README
Updated current projects and goals in README.

README.md, after:

### Hi there, my name is Bell (full name Bell'Aria) 👋

<!--
**bell-sarian/bell-sarian** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

I am a Software Engineer at Microsoft

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a website to display my web-based art projects! All written in React using JS/HTML/CSS and Three.js/WebGL
- 🌱 I’m currently learning WebGL and Artifical Intelligence.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with others to learn more about best practicesx I can take with me as an engineer
- 🤔 I’m looking for help on becoming better at writing tests for QA
- 🥅 Current Goals: Publish more projects on Github
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to get outside as much as I can
-->

## I am currently a Software Engineer II at Northrop Grumman

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a personal planner application
- 🌱 On my free time, I am learning WebGL and Artifical Intelligence.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with others to learn more about best practices I can take with me as an engineer
- 🤔 I’m looking to become better at full stack++ (from database work to ux research)
- 🥅 Current Goals: Publish more projects on Github
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love being outdoors

### Connect with me:
[<img align="left" alt="Bell | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/61/61109.png" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bell-sarian/)
[<img align="left" alt="Bell | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />](https://www.instagram.com/bellsarian/)

<br/>

### Languages and Tools I Utilize:

<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://www.logo.wine/a/logo/React_(web_framework)/React_(web_framework)-Logo.wine.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://logos-world.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Java-Logo-700x394.png" />

<br/>

### Published Projects:

1. [Web-Based Art Display](https://github.com/bell-sarian/dynamic-nature)
